# 1934

(Dvorak's New World Symphony)

The year is 1934 and Brazil is at the brink of civil war. São Paulo had started to industrialize after a successful tenentist revolt in 1924 and was the only Brazilian state to survive economically the Big Depression. Varga's government and coalition still came to power but he was assassinated instead of João Pessoa in 1931, leaving the Brazilian government with a poor legitimacy and purpouse other than helping the big landowners.

Now, the old aristocratic classes of São Paulo are faced with increasingly radical homo novi in politics, bringing radical ideas of facism from abroad. A string of events put in place what will be the start of gruelling fighting in the streets up until a trench warfare in the Mantiqueira range and manouever warfare in Paraná.

The protagonist is a banal public servant caught in the middle of conspiracies, while his sociopathic daughter starts to mingle with socialist revolutionaries.

(Exploring the lore)

Our universe and this differ around ~1910, with minor details being altered. Hermes da Fonseca supresses the Guerra do Contestado and Revolta da Chibata in its very early days and it never becomes a national crisis, therefore, the 1913 Tratado de Ouro Fino and the borders between Paraná and Santa Catarina are never resolved due to increased federal government power - with the army gaining extra popularity. With extra governmental power and no major revolts, his vice-president (in this universe), Rodrigo Alves, the power-behind-the-throne, starts a series of economic reforms, but he uses this opportunity to focus on his home state and electorate: São Paulo.

With political manoeuvering, Alves manages to make a steel-and-coal industry deal with the USA (very similar to what Vargas did in our timeline) for american investment in Brazilian industry. It is mentioned Brazil enters the war earlier, around 1916 due to German Submarine Warfare and sends an extensive expeditionary corps. This heigthened militarism and industrial power in the city of São Paulo leads to it basically dominate the Brazilian economy until 1928 - but with no improvement to the life of the everyday man.

This unspoken agreement between rural oligarchs and captains of industry remains until 1928, which sees the rural oligarchy of other states desperately make an alliance to cling to power. Parts of the political path of Brazil remain the same to our universe, with major players still appearing. São Paulo oligarchies make the first movie and try to elect Julio Prestes, but the 1930 revolution happens anyway, with Vargas being shot and dying and João Pessoa being elected president.

All these questions boild down to 1934, with São Paulo realizing that with Varga's death and an alliance between the other states, São Paulo finds itself isolated. Soon, the local oligarchies start to plan their move.

Also, São Paulo buys support from Argentina by proposing to review the Questão de Palmas (1898), Paraguay, by supplying it with weapons for the Cacho War, and Uruguay (by promising to end Gaucho political manoeuvring), thus making the position of São Paulo even stronger for the coming war.



